well I'd either internet people it's Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
what barbra streisand can teach the
Matanuska sit in the school district in
Alaska there were photos taken of her
house cheat him one in public so she
fought to keep him quiet all that did
was make people curious about increased
interest in made more people want to see
them last night on a live stream it was
asked a question I get asked a lot i was
asked for reading recommendations I
never have a good answer because I read
a lot and I think most books have
something in them that can enrich your
life that's the purpose of literature to
expose you to different things got a
list now thanks to that school district
if you have not read the Great Gatsby
Invisible Man
catch-22 the things they carried or I
Know Why the Caged Bird Sings
please start there they are good books
all of them this school district has
banned instruction of them can't be
taught about in their schools because
they have uncomfortable themes yeah they
do they do that's the point of
literature to expose you to different
things to make you a better person
arguably that's the job of the school to
literature like this that covers
uncomfortable themes it creates a
population that can distinguish fact
from fiction that can critically think
for themselves if we had a population
who had been exposed to literature like
this reddit took its heart had some
instruction on it I'm willing to bet
that Lysol wouldn't have to make a
statement because some self-important
ignorant government entity said
something
said something they know nothing about
it is interesting to note that
apparently some of the school board
members who made this decision haven't
even read some of the books but they
have uncomfortable themes wife is
uncomfortable I would suggest that it
would be wise to prepare students for it
before they see it firsthand allow them
to experience it safely in a classroom
setting in a book inside that four inch
space inside their skull before they see
it with their own eyes that's kind of
the school's job to educate to inform
now they got complaints they got
challenges these complaints typically
come from those of a certain religious
bent I challenge anyone to present an
uncomfortable theme that is present in
one of these five books that is not also
in the Bible should that be the next one
censored that's how this works
when you open the door to this kind of
censorship your book is next your book
is next that's the way it always works
that's not slippery slope that is
cause-and-effect you have set a
precedent for banning material based on
these themes all of which are present in
the Bible
given the fact that the students in the
school district are gonna hear that the
school board doesn't want them reading
this I would suggest that it's possible
librarians at these schools are going to
have a run on these books and I
understand that the administration may
not be willing to purchase additional
copies because of what the district has
said if you are a librarian in the
School District and you need additional
copies of any of these books I am 100%
certain the people from last night's
live stream would have no issue with the
money from that live stream going to
make sure that those texts that you need
magically appear if you if you're a
librarian and you need these books reach
out Twitter Facebook email I don't care
how give me a message where they need to
be they'll be there and I would strongly
suggest everybody read these these are
all really good these are all important
works these are all things that
everybody needs to understand especially
those who are entering a world of
alternative facts entering a world where
government entities are trying to censor
truth and yeah this is fiction but a lot
of times fiction is what gets you to
truth banned books are the best books
they always will be anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good day